The president is hospitalized. The public doesn’t need to know every detail, but they don’t deserve to be misled
In a moment that feels biblical, the implacable virus has come to the president’s door
Speed and scale may matter more than absolute effectiveness when it comes to tests, masks, treatments and vaccines
Forget the snark. Just wear a mask
The federal tax code aligns the interests of the middle class with the ultrawealthy. But the alliance may be breaking up
Restaurant workers share their struggles since the pandemic
The difference is not all frontline workers can protect themselves on the job. The coronavirus race gap, explained
The Amazon was never a “land without men.”,
Communities should have the power to fire abusive officers. But that power often rests with an obscure group of unelected labor arbitrators
A writer is aware of racism in medicine, but felt that volunteering was “the only way we will get out of this pandemic.” Also: In Japan, a step toward gender equality
Readers offer strong views of a recent column by David Brooks
Fifty years after publication of his influential manifesto on free-market capitalism, readers discuss whether profits should be a corporation’s top priority
The giant hogweed isn’t just an invasive plant. It’s a metaphor for what is happening to much of this country
The essence of the American idea is unity under the law, through and despite difference
Two admirers of the artist take a scholar’s finding in stride. Also: Facebook’s appeal
“May his illness be a wake-up call to our country that when it comes to our nation’s health, science trumps politics,” one reader says
In the drama of 2020, the president’s own coronavirus infection is one more seemingly pre-scripted twist
The key to slowing down the spread of coronavirus infections is to have few, if any, close contacts. There’s just no getting around it
The health of the country’s top leader is a matter of concern for all Americans
Five members of Parliament say human rights abuses are rife within the legally autonomous region
Being a family separated by borders is never easy, but this year is different
It’s dangerous to assume that a negative test means you can’t spread this disease
Donald Trump has the coronavirus. Let’s learn from that
Black Americans have always fought for the good of our country, even when that country has denied them their own rights
It took tens of millions of years for tropical rainforests to evolve. It may take us just a few decades to destroy them, unless we change course
America’s failure to deal with the white power movement
Three factors contribute to this crisis of child abuse: impunity, poverty and a deeply rooted culture of male domination
The agency doesn’t have the resources to battle the tax lawyers of the ultrarich. Trump’s returns are just one example of how little the wealthy pay
This isn’t the first time missionaries have risked spreading disease alongside the word of god
“On the tree of life, the bird that sang the four hundred voices of blue faded into the flames.”,
And more are on the way in the Amazon, where they have disrupted the environment and Indigenous peoples
The world can learn from Indigenous people’s collective and practical response to climate change
Peru’s government did far too little to protect its Indigenous people from the coronavirus, just as it has failed to protect them from the health threats of environmental contamination
Finding common ground on the role of Islam is the most decisive task in the peace talks between the Taliban and the Afghan government.“Today, unfortunately, is not a day for celebration,” the mayor said. His plan to curb rising virus rates would affect 20 neighborhoods in Brooklyn and Queens
After a nonstop year journeying to far-flung destinations for The Times, a well-traveled writer learns to love the local attractions — and the spaces in between
A message about the pandemic, inscribed on $1,200 worth of coins, is trickling into New York’s shops, and possibly your pocket
For Hawk Newsome, a co-founder of a movement in New York, the activism does not let up on the weekend
Unlike live music, stand-up is still not allowed where food and drinks are sold. Comedians are doing pop-up gigs wherever they can
Half of New York’s students should be tested every two weeks, researchers estimate. Officials plan to test only 10 to 20 percent of each school every month
Local election boards say they may need up to $50 million to avoid a repeat of the botched primary, so some are seeking, and receiving, grants funded by the Facebook chief executive
Mr. Barnes, one half of the personal injury firm known for its infectious jingle, was flying a small plane when it crashed in upstate New York, killing him and a passenger
Two workers at Coney Island’s Luna Park spend their days maintaining the Cyclone. But after a year of being closed, it’s unclear when the park will be able to reopen
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region
Spotting famous people on the street, a night outside the Met and more reader tales of New York City in this week’s Metropolitan Diary
Research shows that watching footage of them can make you happier, so here’s a list of round-the-clock camera footage that will bring koalas, penguins and puppies straight to your screen
Drive-in horror film screenings and fright-night experiences are popping up around the country for a pandemic-safe holiday
This week, dive into the British Museum’s artifact collection, make art out of leftover veggies and revisit the myth of the Loch Ness monster
With fears of a “twindemic” in the United States this fall, here’s a guide to understanding what’s making you feel terrible
An educated citizenry is vital for the Republic’s survival. These podcasts offer a good place to start
It’s a cross between a drum major’s baton, a pompom and a palm tree, and it doesn’t even require scissors to create
As indoor dining returns to New York, the danger to restaurant workers increases. So does the need to protect them
She was the first in Puerto Rico to change a gender designation on a birth certificate and the first there to reveal that she’d had sex-reassignment surgery
Mayor Lovely Warren was charged with two campaign finance violations, adding to the city’s political chaos in the aftermath of Daniel Prude’s death
She’s been to 39 shows since the 2016 election, and believes Broadway will return. But she doesn’t have the “gumption” to see herself depicted just yet
The ornithologist-painter John James Audubon took flight from Lower Manhattan to escape its ‘pestilential vapors.’ He landed in the picturesque woodland of the future Washington Heights, changing its landscape forever
Here's what he appreciates about leaving behind flights and taking up biking
Some couples, faced with the possibility of not seeing one another for long stretches when the pandemic hit, instead decided to quarantine together and fast-tracked their relationships
The number of apartments sold in the last three months was down by 46 percent compared to the same period in 2019
Federal prosecutors say James W. Cahill and 10 others accepted more than $100,000 in bribes in return for using their influence to help employers who had hired nonunion labor
Ms. Meo could sew anything, and she loved her family, but her heart belonged to the Voice. She has died of Covid-19
The mishap in absentee ballots in Brooklyn raises questions about the ability of the Board of Elections to handle a pandemic-era presidential election
And just 20 percent of shows on New York stages were written by people of color in the 2017-18 season, a report says
Taxes on gasoline and diesel increased by 9.3 cents a gallon on Thursday in a state once known for bargain fuel. The increase came a month after tolls on major roadways also went up
Our critics and writers have selected noteworthy cultural events to experience virtually or in person in New York City
The British artist’s new show at the Morgan Library & Museum derives its poignant power from its focus on loved ones and the complex nature of relationships
New York shows that Uber drivers can have higher wages without triggering an Armageddon.The president appeared eager to be back at the White House and dispel any questions about his capacity after being diagnosed with the coronavirus, despite continuing questions about his health.
The health crisis was a chance for a political reset, some advisers believed, to show a new, more empathetic stance toward the coronavirus. But the candidate did not stick to the narrative.
Central to the job is a willingness to say yes to the president no matter what he asks. Now, that means subjecting an agent’s health to the whims of a contagious president.
Speaking in Miami to Haitian-Americans, Cuban-Americans and others from immigrant backgrounds, Joe Biden wished the president well but urged him to listen to experts on the pandemic.
A spokeswoman said the attorney general was considered an essential worker exempt from guidelines on quarantining after potential exposure.
The F.D.A. proposed stricter guidelines for emergency approval of a coronavirus vaccine, but the White House chief of staff objected to provisions that would push approval past Election Day.
How the body responds to a coronavirus infection.
After removing guidance from its website acknowledging “airborne” transmission, the agency cited evidence that indoor air can carry virus-laden particles.
That may be one part of this year’s rise in violent crime.
As the hospitality industry grapples with a severe downturn, owners are turning hotels into offices, schools, emergency housing, wedding halls or homeless shelters.
The pandemic is a new setback for women in academia who already faced obstacles on the path to advancing their research and careers.
She is viewed as a gifted cross-examiner whose instincts for televised verbal combat are one of her greatest political strengths, but this is a new challenge.
The majority, overturning lower courts’ rulings that the requirement burdened the right to vote during a pandemic, made an exception for ballots cast before it acted and received within two days.
Robert E. Lighthizer, President Trump’s trade negotiator, has cautioned against actions that could anger Beijing in an attempt to preserve the U.S.-China trade deal.
A House report on how to limit the reach of Apple, Amazon, Google and Facebook has been delayed as Democrats and Republicans split on remedies.
And what else you need to know today.
We chart the trials of a tavern in Oakland, Calif. that was thriving until the pandemic brought economic and emotional turmoil.
Dr. Moncef Slaoui, the head of Operation Warp Speed, talks to Kara Swisher about a data-driven timeline, sticking to the science and battle rhythms.
Moving beyond challenges at home, these New Yorkers sought assistance to reach their goals.
Humans will do figure eights to make facts suit their fictions. Laura Ingraham and Sean Hannity help the faithful do that.
Each one is in a battleground state. Votes from people there will matter a lot — and offer Joe Biden several paths to victory.
Don’t dismiss it because it isn’t Medicare for All.
Why? Here are a dozen reasons.
The way medical professionals are paid keeps structural racism alive. It’s unethical and it must change.
It all began with an endless gray tunnel. And ended with a vision of how to rebuild our lives.
Parents are more crucial then ever to their children’s education. Here are two programs, thousands of miles apart, that have helped get them involved.
Trump risks lives to sustain his coronavirus lies.
The disparate racial impact of progressivism’s pandemic-era policy blunders.
Even Democrats may find it hard to imagine, but the “leader of the free world” would benefit from United Nations oversight.
Take our quiz showing seven ways the country has changed under Trump.
For Carl and Jesse Crawford, raising six young children was challenging enough. Now add a pandemic.
To be a faster, more creative cook, take a cue from restaurant chefs, J. Kenji López-Alt suggests, and rely on culinary building blocks.
Joe Klein reviews that book, Carlos Lozada’s “What Were We Thinking,” as well as two Washington Post journalists’ account of the impeachment and its aftermath.
Officer Shaun Lucas was arrested by the Texas Rangers, which said his actions were “not objectionably reasonable.”,
The storm is the ninth named hurricane of the Atlantic season. It may reach the Gulf Coast by the end of the week.
President Trump’s son had sought to postpone a deposition with the New York attorney general’s office until after Election Day.
In 2009, a transit officer fatally shot Oscar Grant III in the back in Oakland, setting off protests over the police treatment of Black people. A district attorney said she would reopen the investigation.
The authorities said they had been looking for Charles Haeger since Friday, when his former girlfriend was fatally shot in her home in Scottsdale, Ariz.
The country’s electoral agency annulled the results of Sunday’s disputed parliamentary elections and the president offered to mediate. But it remained unclear who was in control.
The prize was awarded half to Roger Penrose for showing how black holes could form and half to Reinhard Genzel and Andrea Ghez for discovering a supermassive object at the Milky Way’s center.
The U.S. authorities accused the former antivirus impresario of evading taxes and said his extradition to American soil was pending.
Happiness isn’t something that just happens to you: Take these small steps to create a happier life.
If you’re hoping to relocate, renew a lease or renegotiate an existing agreement, this is what to keep in mind.
There will be many traps to fall into, so watch out.
Ever wondered how empathetic you are? Consider the advice of these five people who have spent their lives studying, understanding and practicing empathy.
If you live in a region where the leaves are beginning to turn and the days are getting crisp, it’s time to start preparing your house for cooler weather.
Britain’s National Theater hopes to reopen in October after being closed for more than 200 days. But even with the shutters down, it’s been an eventful and emotional time for its staff.
Players have united to depose a sitting senator in Georgia, who has clashed with the Black Lives Matter movement and is an owner of the Atlanta Dream.
Strawberry fields, apple orchards and pumpkin patches have seen high volumes of visitors, most of whom have been on their best behavior.
“When she heard he was coming home, Melania immediately checked herself into Walter Reed,” Jimmy Fallon joked on Monday.
Schwartzman is among the shortest players in elite tennis, but at this unique French Open, he has become a brutal opponent.
Experts are warning that existing water safety rules are not suitable to a world where wildfires destroy more residential areas than in the past.
Beneath the mantle of acute apprehension burns a molten core of profound, long-term worry.
No patients were affected, but the incident was another reminder of the risks in the increasingly common assaults on computer networks.
In the school reopening effort, nurses have a crucial role: being the first to spot and stop the spread of a contagious disease.
It’s important to cook, wherever you are, and whatever you’re experiencing. Here are a few recipes to help.
Some experts were skeptical that lice alone could have killed the girl, Kaitlyn Yozviak. The case underscored fears about how the pandemic has cut children off from people who could report neglect.A House report on how to limit the reach of Apple, Amazon, Google and Facebook has been delayed as Democrats and Republicans split on remedies.
No patients were affected, but the incident was another reminder of the risks in the increasingly common assaults on computer networks.
Trump administration officials claim the Chinese-owned app presents a security risk to American users.
Taking tests remotely is a problem. That doesn’t mean technology is the solution.
The U.S. authorities accused the former antivirus impresario of evading taxes and said his extradition to American soil was pending.
Medical experts said the president’s message downplayed the dangers of the coronavirus. But it fell into a gray area for the social media platforms.
Hackers are freezing information and demanding ransom. Who is behind this, and what can be done?,
Some of President Trump’s supporters viewed his appearance in an S.U.V. to greet supporters as a sign that he was overcoming his illness.
While the drug has not been shown to effectively treat Covid-19, many people on Twitter and Facebook urged President Trump to take it.
The project, commissioned by the University of Chicago, will let users virtually project thought-provoking quotes from its Core Curriculum onto their surroundings.
Kevin Roose, a Times tech columnist, has watched the baseless conspiracy theory grow from fringe internet subculture to mass movement, carefully calibrating his coverage along the way.
Tesla reported record deliveries in the third quarter as growing interest in electric vehicles and other cars boosted sales across the industry.
Stories about Trump’s taxes, the Proud Boys and Chris Wallace’s debate performance dominated social media feeds this week.
Overnight, hundreds of tweets were posted casting doubt on President Trump’s positive coronavirus test result.
After Tuesday’s debacle, right-wing activists and politicians accused Chris Wallace and the Commission on Presidential Debates of being biased against President Trump.
BitMEX made itself a haven for hackers and illegal transactions, American prosecutors said.
Insights and observations about Super Mario, what he means to video game culture and why he remains popular today.
Many of the posts on the pages include false or misleading information.
New York shows that Uber drivers can have higher wages without triggering an Armageddon.
A copy of Michelangelo’s David printed in 3-D will be the centerpiece of the Italy Pavilion at the next world fair.
Doug DeMuro has a strong following for his giddy videos about exotic and quirky cars. Cars & Bids, his new site, got off to a roaring start.
The island’s biggest chip maker has been a coveted partner to both battling giants. But rising nationalism is making it harder to keep the middle ground.
Cornell University researchers analyzing 38 million English-language articles about the pandemic found that President Trump was the largest driver of the “infodemic.”,
The Amazon-owned platform, known for livestreams of video games, was a gathering spot for viewers seeking a different spin.
The Silicon Valley company leads a wave of tech outfits hoping to test the public markets in the busiest season for I.P.O.s in two decades.Residents in parts of Brooklyn and Queens were concerned over the threat of the virus and the effect a shutdown would have on schools and businesses.
Ms. Carroll, a writer, has asked a judge to reject the department’s move to intervene in her lawsuit against the president, whom she has accused of rape.
President Trump’s son had sought to postpone a deposition with the New York attorney general’s office until after Election Day.
The abrupt announcement caused confusion over the official response to the virus surge in some areas and threatened to deepen tensions with the mayor.
The blaze in downtown Elizabeth also left two adults, including a woman believed to be the girls’ mother, in critical condition.
Andy King, a Bronx Democrat, was voted out after facing three ethics inquiries.
The governor has refused to approve the mayor's plan to shut nonessential businesses in areas that are virus hot spots. ,
The city needs to do a better job at getting information to an insular community that already believes it has herd immunity.
The app has reshaped the experience of Chinese-Americans for the better, but also spreads misinformation and government propaganda.
Two new towers rising on industrial land in Queens will be filled predominantly with affordable housing.
The actress is selling the East Hampton beachfront cottage  that she bought in 1998, the same year she first appeared on “Sex and the City.”,
Remote U.S. destinations, where social distancing is easier, are generally faring better than cities, which are trying hard to get a bigger share of the leisure crowd.
That may be one part of this year’s rise in violent crime.
Armando J. Perez, a former police chief of Bridgeport, Conn. and David Dunn, a former acting personnel director, admitted to fixing the hiring process to ensure that Mr. Perez got the job.
Since President Trump’s Covid diagnosis, numerous associates have tested positive, but the White House has not aggressively investigated the outbreak.
Mayor Bill de Blasio has proposed "rewinding" the reopening of businesses and schools in areas where the  infection rate has spiked.
A question on November’s ballot asks residents if they support changing the state Constitution to allow recreational use of the drug.
The plane, “traveling rather fast along the water, skipped twice and hit the pier,” the New York fire commissioner said.
As coronavirus cases rise in some neighborhoods, police officials warn officers that they could be disciplined if they fail to comply.
“Today, unfortunately, is not a day for celebration,” the mayor said of rising virus rates. His plan would affect 20 neighborhoods in Brooklyn and Queens.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
Spotting famous people on the street, a night outside the Met and more reader tales of New York City in this week’s Metropolitan Diary.
Research shows that watching footage of them can make you happier, so here’s a list of round-the-clock camera footage that will bring koalas, penguins and puppies straight to your screen.
Drive-in horror film screenings and fright-night experiences are popping up around the country for a pandemic-safe holiday.
This week, dive into the British Museum’s artifact collection, make art out of leftover veggies and revisit the myth of the Loch Ness monster.
With fears of a “twindemic” in the United States this fall, here’s a guide to understanding what’s making you feel terrible.
An educated citizenry is vital for the Republic’s survival. These podcasts offer a good place to start.
It’s a cross between a drum major’s baton, a pompom and a palm tree, and it doesn’t even require scissors to create.
Mr. Barnes, one half of the personal injury firm known for its infectious jingle, was flying a small plane when it crashed in upstate New York, killing him and a passenger.
As indoor dining returns to New York, the danger to restaurant workers increases. So does the need to protect them.
She was the first in Puerto Rico to change a gender designation on a birth certificate and the first there to reveal that she’d had sex-reassignment surgery.
Mayor Lovely Warren was charged with two campaign finance violations, adding to the city’s political chaos in the aftermath of Daniel Prude’s death.
She’s been to 39 shows since the 2016 election, and believes Broadway will return. But she doesn’t have the “gumption” to see herself depicted just yet.Mr. Pence will probably be pressed to defend President Trump’s handling of the coronavirus, and his own actions as well. Ms. Harris will have to defend not just her record, but also Joe Biden’s.
The politics of a bipartisan deal were always tricky, but the president’s abrupt move to upend negotiations removed any ambiguity about who was responsible for the lack of an aid bill.
The measures taken to protect Mike Pence, Kamala Harris and others will not prevent airborne transmission, the greatest threat in this setting.
Women and suburbanites continue to power Joe Biden’s support, new polls by The Times and Siena College show. A majority of voters say campaigning in front of large crowds is inappropriate.
QAnon, #TrumpCovidHoax and other conspiracy theories may be part of a larger authority crisis created by the internet.
Rules that would have a pronounced impact on synagogues were met with protests, fires and a street attack in a part of Brooklyn seeing an uptick in cases.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, who is facing re-election, called the country’s reopening a validation of its “go hard, go early” response.
The Trump administration awarded hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of urgent work to small companies with scant experience.
Climate change is taking a toll on woodlands in the Northeast.
The Puerto Rican reggaetonero has come to dominate global pop on his own terms.
The coronavirus is not going to be over anyime soon, our health reporter Donald G. McNeil Jr. says. But on vaccines and other interventions, he finds reasons for optimism.
Kunzru talks about his new novel, and Ben Macintyre discusses “Agent Sonya,” his latest real-life tale of espionage.
Dr. Moncef Slaoui, the head of Operation Warp Speed, talks to Kara Swisher about a data-driven timeline, sticking to the science and battle rhythms.
Two words: Electoral College.
With Crispr, two scientists turned a curiosity of nature into an invention that will transform the human race.
And if Biden blows it, will the Democrats turn to their left? Your guide to life after the election.
The former vice president is the leader our nation needs now.
Moscow’s operatives did not invent our crude tribal politics; they just exploited them.
The changes airlines are making to survive present a mixed bag for consumers. But cheaper flights are one benefit.
His victory in 2016, the product of luck as much as skill, went to his head.
Have his supporters seen the light?,
One fact breaks through the misinformation: When the virus came for the president, he treated it seriously. So should you.
We think of humans as destroyers of the Amazon, but for centuries Indigenous people have tended to this landscape.
Poisons, plots and psychic powers — why is the president’s health such fertile ground for the paranoid imagination?,
The guitarist, who died this week at 65, gleefully reinvented the rules of being a guitar hero — then bent them again and again.
After a disastrous first presidential debate, all eyes will be on a vice-presidential debate that’s rife with gendered and racial challenges.
In “Editing Humanity,” Kevin Davies offers an account of Crispr at a moment when its leading American researcher has just won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
As the Republican majority leader for 13 years, he was one of the “three men in a room” who decided things in Albany. Then came corruption charges and, ultimately, vindication.
The Category 2 storm passed over the Yucatán Peninsula and was expected to reach the Gulf Coast of the United States by the end of the week. No deaths were reported in Mexico.
He and his brother, grandsons of John Tyler, were the third of three generations that remarkably spanned almost the entire history of the American experience.
A report by the domestic intelligence agency listed more than 1,400 instances in which soldiers, police officers and intelligence officials were suspected of extremist actions, posing “a significant danger.”,
Indigenous groups have a long history of intentionally setting fires to keep ecosystems healthy. Policymakers are now more interested in the practice.
Emmanuelle Charpentier and Jennifer A. Doudna developed the Crispr tool, which can change the DNA of animals, plants and microorganisms with high precision.
Legislation to ban mink farming  cracked the governing coalition, forcing the country’s most powerful politician to assume formal office and exposing a struggle for control of Polish conservatism.
The Supreme Court’s decision not to hear the case of a New York City developer who painted over murals in 2013 cements a ruling that awarded $6.75 million to the artists.
Happiness isn’t something that just happens to you: Take these small steps to create a happier life.
The expert in positive psychology has a few simple ideas for sustaining mental well-being as Covid-19 continues.
Figuring out when and how to make the switch can be complicated. Here’s how to make this milestone easier for you and your child.
With fears of a “twindemic” in the United States this fall, here’s a guide to understanding what’s making you feel terrible.
Ever wondered how empathetic you are? Consider the advice of these five people who have spent their lives studying, understanding and practicing empathy.
Choruses are a pandemic no-no, but there is a solution. One music-starved writer joined a drive-in rehearsal.
When the pandemic hit, draining streets of traffic, more women began using the city’s bike-share program.
The 31-year-old Braves catcher has had a career hindered by injuries, but he delivered a momentum-swinging home run in Game 1 against the Marlins.
The physical toll of the N.B.A. finals was on display before, during and after Los Angeles’s victory,
The new $50 gadget encapsulates a modern quandary: It wants to help you find content to watch. But you have to be willing to share your data.
Activists and some congressional lawmakers are demanding that the N.I.H. reconsider its refusal to move 39 chimpanzees from a research center to a sanctuary.
Open window, extend arm and your car will slow very slightly. But you’ll need more than a few arms to bring it to a halt.
The hospitalized patients showed signs of deteriorating neurological function, ranging from confusion to coma-like unresponsiveness, new research indicates.
Nuclear families have always relied on a community for practical support.
TikTok’s top creators are taking “Triller money” to bring their content over to the app.
The man was shoved to the ground and hit his head after confronting another patron at a bar in upstate New York, the police said. The case is one of the first of its kind in the state.
Mr. Kaine, Hillary Clinton’s running mate in 2016, spoke to The Times about what lies ahead for Senator Kamala Harris at Wednesday’s V.P. debate.
A two-story brick rowhouse in Philadelphia, a converted 1893 church in Castleton and a one-bedroom condo in Austin.QAnon, #TrumpCovidHoax and other conspiracy theories may be part of a larger authority crisis created by the internet.
The new $50 gadget encapsulates a modern quandary: It wants to help you find content to watch. But you have to be willing to share your data.
In a report led by Democrats, lawmakers said Apple, Amazon, Google and Facebook needed to be checked and recommended they be restructured and that antitrust laws be reformed.
Lawmakers release a scathing report on Big Tech. Here’s what you need to know.
TikTok’s top creators are taking “Triller money” to bring their content over to the app.
Four weeks before the election, the Trump administration has announced stricter rules for the H-1B visa program, which U.S. companies have long valued.
Lawmakers said they found multiple problems with each of the four giant tech companies.
The company said an earlier effort to curb the conspiracy movement’s growth didn’t properly address its increasing popularity.
Read the report.
Experts have said repeatedly that the coronavirus poses a far more serious threat than influenza viruses.
Anticipating ugly months to come, Americans are dating with an intention that some experts say that they haven’t seen before.
The app, which unites families but also spreads Chinese propaganda, faces a ban in the United States.
A House report on how to limit the reach of Apple, Amazon, Google and Facebook has been delayed as Democrats and Republicans split on remedies.
The U.S. authorities accused the former antivirus impresario of evading taxes and said his extradition to American soil was pending.
Medical experts said the president’s message downplayed the dangers of the coronavirus. But it fell into a gray area for the social media platforms.
Hackers are freezing information and demanding ransom. Who is behind this, and what can be done?
Some of President Trump’s supporters viewed his appearance in an S.U.V. to greet supporters as a sign that he was overcoming his illness.
While the drug has not been shown to effectively treat Covid-19, many people on Twitter and Facebook urged President Trump to take it.
The project, commissioned by the University of Chicago, will let users virtually project thought-provoking quotes from its Core Curriculum onto their surroundings.
No patients were affected, but the incident was another reminder of the risks in the increasingly common assaults on computer networks.
Kevin Roose, a Times tech columnist, has watched the baseless conspiracy theory grow from fringe internet subculture to mass movement, carefully calibrating his coverage along the way.
Tesla reported record deliveries in the third quarter as growing interest in electric vehicles and other cars boosted sales across the industry.
Trump administration officials claim the Chinese-owned app presents a security risk to American users.
Stories about Trump’s taxes, the Proud Boys and Chris Wallace’s debate performance dominated social media feeds this week.
Taking tests remotely is a problem. That doesn’t mean technology is the solution.
As the president clashes with the courts, some companies and investors say tougher limits on temporary work visas will help push jobs overseas.
Overnight, hundreds of tweets were posted casting doubt on President Trump’s positive coronavirus test result.
As Covid-19 cases grow in the Great Plains, one official said residents need to know “how perilously close we are to the edge.”
Indigenous groups have a long history of intentionally setting fires to keep ecosystems healthy. Policymakers are now more interested in the practice.
Students and faculty are furious that the Rev. John I. Jenkins failed to wear a mask at a White House ceremony and then later tested positive for the virus.
The former Minneapolis police officer is awaiting trial on murder and manslaughter charges after a video captured him kneeling on Mr. Floyd’s neck in May.
The move comes as President Trump promotes a false narrative of widespread voter fraud ahead of the election.
The virus is now devastating the U.S. Midwest and Great Plains.
Despite having the coronavirus, President Trump insists he is “looking forward” to the next debate. Joe Biden’s team says the president must prove he’s not contagious.
Political ads will be banned indefinitely after polls close on Nov. 3 and the company plans new steps to limit misinformation about the results.
A payment for a pair of drawings by Newman showed up in his bank account — then vanished a few days later.
In a case with major implications, the justices wrestled with a high-tech dispute over computer code using low-tech analogies.
Two tests made by Quidel and BD repeatedly delivered false-positive results, prompting the state to stop using them.
The project, at CalArts, where he has been a longtime member of the faculty, will cover at least two-thirds of the cost of an M.F.A. student’s tuition.
The measures taken to protect Mike Pence, Kamala Harris and others will not prevent airborne transmission, the greatest threat in this setting.
He and his brother, grandsons of John Tyler, were the third of three generations that remarkably spanned almost the entire history of the American experience.
University quarantines are even tougher across the pond.
Women and suburbanites continue to power Joe Biden’s support, new polls by The Times and Siena College show. A majority of voters say campaigning in front of large crowds is inappropriate.
Old and ailing, they see exercising their fundamental right to vote as a way to have a say in a future they will probably never see.
Experts in virus transmission called the plexiglass barriers being used at tonight’s vice-presidential debate pretty much useless.
Editors at the world’s leading medical journal said the Trump administration “took a crisis and turned it into a tragedy.”
The measures taken to protect Mike Pence, Kamala Harris and others will not prevent airborne transmission, the greatest threat in this setting.
Even for those with insurance, surprise bills for things not covered can add up fast.
Federal officials relied too heavily on the tests, then took the results for granted, experts say.
The sharpest rise in negative views was in Australia, while unfavorable opinions jumped in the United States and Europe, a Pew survey found.
Beneath the mantle of acute apprehension burns a molten core of profound, long-term worry.
Employees of a JBS meat-processing plant in Greeley, Colo., got sick or died, but their families have so far been denied compensation.
Contrary to prevailing gender tropes, many men crave deeper emotional connection, work hard for it and don’t always receive it in return.
It’s going to be a while before we can hug freely again. What does that mean for our mental health?
Activists and some congressional lawmakers are demanding that the N.I.H. reconsider its refusal to move 39 chimpanzees from a research center to a sanctuary.
Several recent studies shed light on the pandemic preoccupations of sleepers.
The F.D.A. proposed stricter guidelines for emergency approval of a coronavirus vaccine, but the White House chief of staff objected to provisions that would push approval past Election Day.
Experts were outraged by the president’s comments about a disease that has killed more than 210,000 people in the United States.
Since President Trump’s Covid diagnosis, numerous associates have tested positive, but the White House has not aggressively investigated the outbreak.
After removing guidance from its website acknowledging “airborne” transmission, the agency cited evidence that indoor air can carry virus-laden particles.
The hospitalized patients showed signs of deteriorating neurological function, ranging from confusion to coma-like unresponsiveness, new research indicates.
By closely describing the inner lives of older people, Ms. Williams altered legal regulations and clinical standards applied to nursing homes.
In the school reopening effort, nurses have a crucial role: being the first to spot and stop the spread of a contagious disease.
Some experts were skeptical that lice alone could have killed the girl, Kaitlyn Yozviak. The case underscored fears about how the pandemic has cut children off from people who could report neglect.
Harvey J. Alter, Michael Houghton and Charles M. Rice were jointly honored for their decisive contribution to the fight against blood-borne hepatitis, a major global health problem.
Music “gets the cognitive part out of the way and gets the intuitive part engaged, the part of the brain that is not damaged,” one therapist says.
Dr. Sean P. Conley, who admitted that he had misled the public about the president’s treatment, has lost credibility with some colleagues.
What is known so far about what happened leading up to and during the president’s hospitalization.
Many of the measures cited by his doctors are reserved for patients severely affected by the coronavirus.
You can still safely celebrate the ghoulish season, but trick-or-treating and other celebrations may have to be modified to protect against coronavirus infection.Kevin Roose, a Times tech columnist, has watched the baseless conspiracy theory grow from fringe internet subculture to mass movement, carefully calibrating his coverage along the way.
After a pandemic-induced hiatus, the show has returned, with a focus on the voices of Americans throughout the country as they grapple with the weightiest questions of the November election.
Did I a) ace it; b) better understand students’ experiences; c) question my own rational judgment for going through this again? Hint: It’s not all of the above.
Do you have a story idea, a question for our newsroom or feedback on our coverage? Let us know.
We would like to hear how employees and employers are handling a return to their offices, even as others continue working from home.
‘She showed me that one can be soft-spoken, yet substantial.’
The weekly book lists are determined by sales numbers. But a touch of Salt-N-Pepa or Axl Rose livens up the process.
Shane Reilly plants a flag for each Texan who dies of the coronavirus. As the national death toll nears 200,000, The New York Times used an image of his memorial to illustrate the staggering scale of loss.
A Times Magazine series examines how climate change will force millions worldwide to move. Recently, Meridith Kohut photographed people on the front lines of this shift. In America.
Share your photos and stories about what the esteemed Supreme Court justice’s career meant to you.
To track the speed of delivery across the country, The Upshot thought about a pen pal network before partnering with a company that collects the data.
At one point, the wildfires that country experienced seemed to fade from our memory. Not anymore. And what I witnessed there has shaped my thoughts on what’s raging here.
With fires on the West Coast and floods on the Gulf Coast, relief organizations are providing meals and shelter to devastated communities. If you want to give aid, here are some research pointers.
After another child at my son’s day care tested positive, I ran into obstacle after obstacle trying to get him a test. I quickly learned I wasn’t alone among concerned parents of young children.
Fire tore through Big Basin Redwoods State Park. I went to see what it left behind.
It’s rare that someone meets her favorite ballplayer. It’s even rarer that he becomes a fan of hers.
Reporting on a unique group of fishermen was an adventure. Getting on the water myself was otherworldly.
A project from the Graphics desk wanted to find out if the color in your neighborhood, as seen from above, might indicate how you voted.
Reporting experience at a previous job told me that I should check out the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally this year.
After the convention ended, a panel of Times political journalists who analyzed the Democrats’ big event discussed the ticket, Joe Biden’s speech and the party’s priorities.
I spend my time talking to experts, trying to envision what the future of the coronavirus crisis looks like. There aren’t a lot of rules on how to do this.
Julián Castro, Raj Chetty and Sonja Trauss discussed how the places we live shape our prospects in life, with the Times columnist Farhad Manjoo.
Though the forest is expected to survive, nearly all the structures in California’s oldest state park have burned down. Tell us what you loved most about the place.
Whether it’s covering issues about safety, schooling or burnout, the members of the Parenting desk are working during this “new reality” to support caregivers on all fronts.
Submit a video with your answers and they may be featured in an upcoming New York Times event.
We’d love to see the ways your children are interpreting and reflecting on the coronavirus pandemic.
In a recent DealBook forum, Times journalists took stock of how much the country’s most powerful companies are backing up statements against systemic racism.
The New York Times would like to learn more about how households making less than $30,000 or so are making ends meet and what impact the pandemic is having on them.
The Times photographer Todd Heisler has crisscrossed New York City during the pandemic. A new project combines the images he captured with audio from before the virus quieted the city.
How election officials vet voter signatures based on slants, sizes and loops.
Even for those with insurance, surprise bills for things not covered can add up fast.
That may be one part of this year’s rise in violent crime.
Decriminalization involves trade-offs, but treating addiction as a disease yields a clear gain, research suggests.
What 29 million letters can tell us about how the post office is doing
In many places across the U.S., cases and deaths appear to have peaked or are starting to flatten. But there is a lot of regional variation.
Old and ailing, they see exercising their fundamental right to vote as a way to have a say in a future they will probably never see.
Mistrust of vaccines runs deep in African-American communities. Against formidable odds, Father Paul Abernathy and his teams are trying to convince residents of Pittsburgh’s historic Black neighborhoods to volunteer for trials testing a Covid-19 shot.
Mr. Trump’s physician has given an incomplete, upbeat picture of his health. Medical experts warn that the president is entering a pivotal, unpredictable phase.
Federal officials relied too heavily on the tests, then took the results for granted, experts say.
The hospitalized patients showed signs of deteriorating neurological function, ranging from confusion to coma-like unresponsiveness, new research indicates.
Biden is ahead by seven points in Pennsylvania and five points in Florida, according to the Times/Siena survey.
Signs of a slower, grinding recovery sure look familiar.
At this rate, it will take 17 months for employment to return to full health.
He has pursued policies to weaken insurance protections, but that’s not reflected in polling of Republicans.
Nebraska’s Second Congressional District could play a decisive role in a very close election.
The data reveals a different picture than the party-driven explanation President Trump and the Department of Justice have offered.
Opinions about the Supreme Court vacancy and the coming fight over filling it seem poised to split along partisan lines.
The president’s promises on health care stand in stark contrast with his legislative, regulatory and legal record.
These six states are among those trying to help, but there are still pitfalls for voters.
The Affordable Care Act touches the lives of most Americans, and its abolition could have a significant effect on many millions more people than those who get their health coverage through it.
Why the Affordable Care Act may still be safe.
Democrats prioritize banning chokeholds, and Republicans are focused on not defunding the police.
*The survey erred in listing the Green Party, but it’s still clear that Daines and Bullock are in a tight contest.
In surveys before Justice Ginsburg’s death, he led by a slightly wider margin on choosing the next justice than he did over all against President Trump.
President Trump has sought to fan fears about lower property values and crime, but polls suggest his general statements are not resonating locally.
Many experts now view the individual mandate as a policy that did little to increase health coverage — but did a lot to invite political backlash.
Benefits depend on where people work, and the kind of job they have, a new survey finds, highlighting disparities that predate the pandemic.
The choices we’ve made to assess the dozens of polls that can arrive in a single day.
By doing its job of stabilizing the financial system, it has reduced the sense of urgency for lawmakers to help ordinary Americans.
The practice of taking temperatures is becoming de rigueur in many workplaces and restaurants, even though federal health officials say they are of limited value.